CTest: more docs on `-R` regular expression filtering (#5257)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/developers/testing.rst

  .. code-block:: sh

>        ctest --test-dir build -R "laser_acceleration"

Reviewer: I don't think the quotes are needed here. Same for the `-E` option.

Reviewer 2: Correct, only needed when `"actual.*regular\.expressions"` are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       ctest --test-dir build -R laser_acceleration
```

Author: Yes, I know it's not needed here, but I thought it was a good idea to add it here too for consistency, to sort of signal that one can use regular expressions here. I thought it could be okay to keep it in our examples in the docs.

* Run tests except those matching the regular expression ``laser_acceleration``:

  .. code-block:: sh

>        ctest --test-dir build -E "laser_acceleration"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       ctest --test-dir build -E laser_acceleration
```

* Sometimes two or more tests share a large number of input parameters and differ by a small set of options.
  Such tests typically also share a base string in their names.
  For example, you can find three different tests named ``test_3d_langmuir_multi``, ``test_3d_langmuir_multi_nodal`` and ``test_3d_langmuir_multi_picmi``.

>   In such a case, if you wish to run the test ``test_3d_langmuir_multi`` only, this can be done again with the ``-R`` regular expression filter via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In such a case, if you wish to run the test ``test_3d_langmuir_multi`` only, this can be done again with the ``-R`` regular `expression filter <https://regex101.com>`__ via
```

  .. code-block:: sh

       ctest --test-dir build -R "test_3d_langmuir_multi\..*"

>   Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the other existing tests and would not be sufficient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same string in them and can be sufficient if one aims to isolate a single test.
```

       ctest --test-dir build -E laser_acceleration

* Sometimes two or more tests share a large number of input parameters and differ by a small set of options.
  Such tests typically also share a base string in their names.
  For example, you can find three different tests named ``test_3d_langmuir_multi``, ``test_3d_langmuir_multi_nodal`` and ``test_3d_langmuir_multi_picmi``.
  In such a case, if you wish to run the test ``test_3d_langmuir_multi`` only, this can be done again with the ``-R`` regular `expression filter <https://regex101.com>`__ via

  .. code-block:: sh

       ctest --test-dir build -R "test_3d_langmuir_multi\..*"

>   Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same string in them and can be sufficient if one aims to isolate a single test.

Author: Could we maybe rephrase like this?
```suggestion
  Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same string in the name and can be sufficient if one aims to isolate a single test.
```

Reviewer 2: How about `their` name?

Reviewer 2: and `substring`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same substring in their name and can be sufficient if one aims to isolate a single test.
```

Author: Wait, this should be "would not be sufficient to isolate a single test", no?

>   Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same substring in their name and can be sufficient if one aims to isolate a single test.

Author: That's what I meant:
```suggestion
  Note that filtering with ``-R "test_3d_langmuir_multi"`` would include the additional tests that have the same substring in their name and would not be sufficient to isolate a single test.
```

Reviewer 2: Ok, but I used could because this is just an example - not all example names are 5x extended :)

Author: Ah I see. Here I was using the negative form because I was referring to the specific example in the text, of the three Langmuir tests with shared substring. So I meant to connect this sentence with that example, since it's in the same list item. That's why I got confused.
